but we simply don't talk about that world
because we don't want to talk about it
but over time every time we turn on
the video camera that world comes out we
listen we see images that are
unacceptable for a republic born out
of the Resistance Cas is a
far-right social center that has risen to the honors
of  Chronicles when last year
its exponents
I really appreciate the courage
of true journalism of those who take
some risks and those who also take a
lot of controversy it's been a while since
we've seen this type of journalism and
at the same time I also see the
difficulty  with which this
theme is addressed in Talk Shows in
public debates almost as if to say that they are not
really fascists despite the Roman salute
despite some references
even to Nazi propaganda it does
not tell something new it simply
tells of fascism that has always
been there in Italy that  There are dates for
very precise historical passages, they are
those of 25 July 1943, at that
moment a fault opens, as if to say, a
part of power remains within the confines of
actual Fascism, another part
moves but the one that moves does not  it's that
it completely comes out of that world and
we find it again in the post-war period. As they
say, Rome, just
to listen, we see
unacceptable images for a republic born
on the Resistance on anti-fascism on
our Constitution which must be defended to the
hilt a few days after
that  investigation we saw and rescued
young people beaten by
neo-fascist militants on the street. It is clear that there is not
necessarily a direct connection but there is
a suggestion: if
some actions are not condemned it is easier for others to
feel unpunished
to carry out the same number and this is what makes us
a climate in the country that does not
deal with the past is worrying but the thing that
continues to be absurd is the silence
on the part of President Meloni. We are not
talking about a small group of
extra-parliamentary extremists, as we know, we are talking
about the youth of the first
majority party in Italy that  what is
very striking is this habit of
dissimulation, that is, of pretending and with
very deep-rooted codes that everyone
follows because we know that we all believe in
these things but we have to pretend to
be something else, on the one hand this right
represents the privileges of great
wealth  of this country and through
the instrument of propaganda it makes
the country believe one tells the country a great
another story and furthermore it strengthens itself
through its own organization
because the theme of the organization and
consensus are closely linked Therefore
also youth melons Fascist Barra and
there is also a problem with the consensus of the
Brothers of Italy